replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-supply-chain/setup-maven.md

:::caution
* Ensure that Maven is installed in the build environment that is used to generate the dependency trees.
* Ensure that you generate dependency trees before running Semgrep.

> * This approach works for full scans. It does not work for [diff-aware scans](/docs/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-appsec-platform/#diff-aware-scanning) because the generated file is not tracked by git.

Author: ```suggestion
* This approach works for full scans. It does not work for [diff-aware scans](/deployment/customize-ci-jobs#set-up-diff-aware-scans) because the generated file is not tracked by git.
```
